All right, so we are going to just create
some real-time streams in mapover app.
And so, if you want to follow
along with this exercise, you can.
I will ask you all to do it.
If not, you don't have to worry about it.
So, in the terminal here,
I'm going to CD into 3-cloud-firestore,
and then I am going to CD into start.
And let's see here.
[INAUDIBLE] in here,
yeah, okay, we're good.
Let's open that up.
And then now,
I'm gonna run everything locally here.
So I'm going to do an npm run dev and
this is gonna boot up.
And what you can see right here
it says importing data from.
And that's because here, in this local
folder, I have a whole export of users and
then Firebase Export.
Now, I don't write any
of this local folder.
This gets generated for
me by the emulator itself.
So any data that I seeded by scripting, or
any data that I just manually did,
can be saved out to this folder.
All right, so we are on what ports?
3000.
So here are the exercises.
We're gonna start with
creating real-time streams.
And so I have this little table.
We are going to just
write data to this table.
That's all we're gonna do.
It's pretty straightforward.
So let's go into components.
So now, let's go into source, components.
And then this one is in, sorry, pages and
this one is in RealtimeStreams.
So to get this to work with view,
I kinda set up some boilerplate.
The first thing we're gonna wanna do is
we're gonna create a real-time stream and
that's going to give
us back snapshot data.
And then from there, we're gonna wanna
transform the object that's returned.
So what we're gonna do is, we're going
to make sure we have on snapshot.
And we're going to use
the users collection.
So I've created a collection
to start out with.
Pass in Ffreftore and
we have referencing out to users.
And just also, I want to point out,
is that this is connected out to
the emulator suite, which is running
right now for me on localhost 4000.
And if I click into authentication,
I have a ton of users that we've set up.
And then I also have a very complex
data structure full of users.
And the data structure's not complex, but
a big data structure full of users and
expenses.
So we're gonna be reading
from these users right here.
So I have a users collection.
Well, what method do we use to read in
real time, or function I should say?
What function do we use in real time?
>> Snapshot?
>> Yes, see,
these moments are important to me.
I have my hand up for the high five, and
I don't wanna be walking around the bench
and no one giving me a high five.
All right, so exactly,
I'm gonna call on snapshot and
I'm gonna pass in the users collection.
And then this is gonna give
us our callback, and awesome.
So, now, I've done this, and
what I wanna do is that I have it all
abstracted out to components
that do to the table.
It's not important to know how it
works but it binds the state.results.
So I can say state.results =.
And what I want to do is I
want to say snapshot.docs,
because it's a collection of documents.
Call map, and then what's great about
the map function is that what I really
wanna do is I wanna pass in
a general function to it.
And then do some work within there.
So I wanna pass in format user.
And then, within here,
this will call it with the document
snapshot that gets passed in.
And then I can start plucking data off and
returning the object I want.
So what object do I want?
We wanna get a Uid, First name,
Last name, Highscore,
City, and
don't worry about FromCache from now.
If you want to try to
fill that in you can.
If not, don't worry about it.
And now I'm gonna turn it over to you all,
for those who are doing the exercise.
See if you can return with this snapshot,
its data, and get it bound to the table.